hi beauties to be beautiful here with a
favorites video I know I'm so excited to
do this I need so many questions
on Instagram about products that I use
in my hair and I figured that the best
way to do it would be first to do a
video about it and then to kind of
explain why they are my favorites and
I'm gonna try to do it as quickly as
possible cuz I know I don't want to see
a 10 minute video no you don't wanna
watch a 10 minute video so let's get
started
our set wasn't gonna do them in any
particular order but I have to show you
my favorite product I'm sorry it's the
bomb calm and it is my Herbal Essence
hello hydration conditioner yo I love
this stuff this stuff is absolutely
amazing it gives me the best slip in the
world I promise and I use it on every
time I wash my hair I'm gonna use my
hello hydration every time any time I
wet my hair I'm using my hello hydration
okay and I also use it as a leave-in so
i use it as a cold wash but i also use
it as they leave in now when i use it as
a leave-in i don't use a whole lot okay
because I have another leave-in
conditioner that I do use that works
very well for my hair
so my next product and these are in no
particular order is my Olive miracle
leave-in conditioner by African pride
you can find this at Walmart it's like
$4 a jar this product is absolutely
amazing because of how smooth it is this
is the most lightweight leave-in
conditioner I've found thus far it goes
on clear okay so when you are retwisting
your hair or doing a dry twist out or
whatever you're doing on dry hair it's
great because you don't get that white
build-up that you get with other
products so I really really like this
next we have the Shea Moisture curl
enhancing smoothie now this is one of my
more expensive products but I do use it
on my twist outs I find that it works
very well I like a harder hold than a
lot of people because my hair is of
course I know how to manipulate my hair
with a hard or hold now I'm not saying
that my hair is not soft because it is
very soft right now very very soft but
it I find that this gives me the lasting
power that I need from us the next
product is my curl define our mousse I
really really like this stuff guys um it
goes on clear okay but it does have a
pump so it literally comes out as a
mousse I'll show you show you a little
bit okay but as you can see it slid off
my hand so it does cool I'm very clear I
like to use this for my wash and gos and
also for my twist out it really really
defines my curls and it really really
gives them a nice a nice definition a
nice shine and a nice hole okay I also
have to leave ins that I really really
like this one is the direct leave-in by
Giovanni okay and this one is curly
kinky not today I really like these
products together I don't find that I
use them separate a whole lot I pretty
much use them together I don't think I
need to use them together but I do
anyway I find that they do give me a
nice slip
in my hair and it also makes it a lot
easier for me to detangle with these two
products together y'all this little baby
right here
the mazzani's supreme oil it's 99%
naturally derived let me tell you why I
love this stuff I love this stuff
because it is so lightweight it is the
best lightweight oil that I have found
and I use extra virgin olive oil I use
coconut oil I use jojoba and grapeseed
oil I love my oils but this stuff is
very lightweight I use it everyday all I
do if I need a little bounce back of
moisture or shine or anything
squirt it in my hand just a very little
bit rub it together and I just scrunch
it okay
scrunch it in my hair I love this stuff
it goes with me everywhere I go it stays
in my makeup kit I just absolutely
positively love love love that mazzani
supreme oil lastly I just wanted to tell
you about my hair because I think I'm
gonna get a few questions about it this
is a week old twist out then I kind of
wanted to style different from just Park
me down the middle of partner on the
side I kind of wanted a funky kind of
you know cute half updo so what I did
was I parted it all the way around half
way okay and then I did a flat roll in
twist it's not even a - I don't even
know how to flat twist jaw so it's just
tucked and rolled all the way around to
this side okay so I started from here
went all the way around and then the
rest of it it ended right here okay so
this is the rest of the twist okay and
they're just kind of fluff and I twist
my hair and last night I did retwist it
I do retwist that night with my Olive
miracle leave-in conditioner and then my
Missoni supreme oil so I do resource at
night and it gives my hair the
definition that I want from day to day
this only takes me about 10-15 minutes
to retwist at night so I love this style
I hope you do too
let's be beautiful together I love you
guys and I'll see ya later bye